License Agreement

Status Six Communications

CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING LICENSE AGREEMENT. YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO
BE BOUND BY THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT BY INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE ON YOUR
SYSTEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS LICENSE, RETURN THE SOFTWARE TO US
AND REMOVE IT FROM YOUR SYSTEM.

License Grant

“You” means the person or company who is being licensed to use the
Software or Documentation. “We,” “us,” and “our” each mean the business
referred to as “Status Six Communications.”

“Server Software” means the VOLANO chat server computer programs and
their associated files.

“Client Software” means the VolanoChat, MyVolanoChat, and WebVolanoChat
Java applet computer programs and their associated files.

“Software” means both the Server Software and the Client Software, and
includes any upgrades, modified versions, updates, additions, and copies
of the Software.

“Documentation” means explanatory written materials we provide regarding
the Software.

“Code Base” means the host names or domain names from which the Client
Software is distributed and where the Server Software is in use.

“Document Base” means the host names or domain names of the Web pages
containing and embedding the Client Software.

We hereby grant you a nonexclusive license to use one copy of the Server
Software on any single computer, provided the Server Software may be in
use on only one computer at any time. The Server Software is “in use” on
a computer when it is loaded into temporary memory (RAM) or installed
into the permanent memory of a computer—for example, a hard disk,
CD-ROM, or other storage device.

We hereby grant you a nonexclusive license to distribute an unlimited
number of copies of the Client Software via the HTTP protocol or similar
World Wide Web distribution methods onto your own or other Web pages,
for use in connecting to the Server Software licensed to you under this
Agreement.

The Software we build for you restricts the Code Base to the specific
host name or domain name you provide and prevents someone from
re-deploying the Client Software from another Web site for malicious
purposes. The trial version of the Software restricts the Code Base to
the local host (localhost, ip6-localhost). We may also restrict the
Document Base to a list of host names or domain names you provide so
that the Client Software is accessed only on known Web sites authorized
by you.

Title

We remain the owner of all right, title, and interest in the Software
and Documentation.

Archival or Backup Copies

You may copy the Software for back up and archival purposes, provided
that the original and each copy is kept in your possession and that your
installation and use of the Software does not exceed that allowed in the
“License Grant” section above.

Things You May Not Do

The Software and Documentation are protected by Canadian, United States,
and other copyright laws and international treaties. You must treat the
Software and Documentation like any other copyrighted material—for
example, a book.

You agree not to:

  • copy the Documentation,
  • copy the Software except to make archival or backup copies as
    provided above,
  • modify or adapt the Software or merge it into another program,
  • reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or make any attempt to
    discover the source code of the Software,
  • sub-license, rent, lease, or lend any portion of the Server Software
    or Documentation.

Transfers

You may transfer all your rights to use the Software and Documentation
to another person or legal entity provided you transfer this Agreement,
the Software, and Documentation, including all copies, updates, and
prior versions to such person or entity, and that you retain no copies,
including copies stored on computer.

Limited Warranty

We warrant that for a period of 30 days after delivery of this copy of
the Software to you:

  • the media on which this copy of the Software is provided to you will
    be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use,
    and
  • the Software will perform in substantial accordance with the
    Documentation.

To the extent permitted by applicable law, THE FOREGOING LIMITED
WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, AND WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS,
INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, regardless of
whether we know or had reason to know of your particular needs. No
employee, agent, dealer, or distributor of ours is authorized to modify
this limited warranty, nor to make any additional warranties.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO
THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Limited Remedy

Our entire liability and your exclusive remedy for breach of the
foregoing warranty shall be, at our option, either to:

  • return the price you paid, or
  • repair or replace the Software or media that does not meet the
    foregoing warranty if it is returned to us with a copy of your
    receipt.

Before we return the price you paid, you must complete and sign a
statutory declaration (which we will provide) certifying that you have
destroyed all copies of the Software and Documentation in your control.

IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST
PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, OR OTHER INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING FROM THE USE OF OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE (EVEN IF WE
OR AN AUTHORIZED DEALER OR DISTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF THESE DAMAGES), OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT
APPLY TO YOU.

Term and Termination

This license agreement takes effect upon your use of the Software and
remains effective until terminated. You may terminate it at any time by
destroying all copies of the Software and Documentation in your
possession. It will also automatically terminate if you fail to comply
with any term or condition of this license agreement. You agree, on
termination of this license, to destroy all copies of the Software and
Documentation in your possession.

Confidentiality

The Software contains trade secrets and proprietary know-how that belong
to us, and it is being made available to you in strict confidence. ANY
USE OR DISCLOSURE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OF ITS ALGORITHMS, PROTOCOLS, OR
INTERFACES, OTHER THAN IN STRICT ACCORDANCE WITH THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT,
IS FORBIDDEN, AND MAY BE ACTIONABLE AS A VIOLATION OF OUR TRADE SECRET
RIGHTS.

General Provisions

 1. This license agreement is the exclusive agreement between you and us
    concerning the Software and Documentation and supersedes any prior
    purchase order, communication, advertising, or representation
    concerning the Software.
 2. This license agreement may be modified only by a writing signed by
    you and us.
 3. In the event of litigation between you and us concerning the
    Software or Documentation, the prevailing party in the litigation
    will be entitled to recover attorney fees and expenses from the
    other party.
 4. This license agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of
    British Columbia and the laws of Canada applicable therein, without
    reference to principles of conflicts of laws. The courts located in
    Vancouver, British Columbia, and the courts of appeal from those
    courts, will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any and all
    proceedings and disputes in any way related to the Software, the
    Documentation, or this Agreement.

Included Software

The Server Software includes software developed by the Apache Software
Foundation and licensed under the Apache Software License, Version 2.0.
The included software consists of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
and the Apache Xerces XML parser.

